SELECT
(web100_log_entry.snap.SndLimTimeRwin +
web100_log_entry.snap.SndLimTimeCwnd +
web100_log_entry.snap.SndLimTimeSnd) as du,
web100_log_entry.snap.SndLimTimeRwin as rt,
web100_log_entry.snap.SndLimTimeCwnd as ct,
web100_log_entry.snap.SndLimTimeSnd as st,
web100_log_entry.snap.SampleRTT as rtt,
web100_log_entry.snap.HCDataOctetsOut as dataout,
web100_log_entry.snap.DataSegsOut as datasegout,
web100_log_entry.snap.SegsOut as segout,
web100_log_entry.snap.OctetsRetrans as dataretran,
web100_log_entry.snap.SegsRetrans as segretran,
web100_log_entry.snap.CongSignals as cong,
web100_log_entry.snap.HCThruOctetsAcked as datasent,
web100_log_entry.snap.CurCwnd as cwnd,
web100_log_entry.snap.CurRwinRcvd as rw,
web100_log_entry.snap.SlowStart as ss,
web100_log_entry.snap.CurSsthresh as cssth,
web100_log_entry.snap.SmoothedRTT as smoothRTT
FROM
  [measurement-lab:m_lab.DATE]
WHERE
test_id=TEST_ID
order by du;
